# ItemSnapshot

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**item_id** | **string** | The unique identifier of an item in eBay RESTful format. An example would be v1|162846450672|461882996982. | [optional] 
**availability** | **string** | An enumeration value representing the item&#x27;s availability (possibility of being purchased). Values: AVAILABLE TEMPORARILY_UNAVAILABLE UNAVAILABLE Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/AvailabilityEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**title** | **string** | The seller created title of the item. This text is an escaped string when special characters are present, using the following rules: Double quotes (&amp;quot;) and backslashes (\\) in the Title are escaped with a backslash (\\) character If there are any tabs (\\t), double quotes (&amp;quot;), or backslashes (\\) in the Title, the entire Title will be wrapped in double quotes. For example Before: Misty Rainforest Modern Masters 2017 MTG Magic Fetch Land Free Ship W\\Tracking Marvel Legends HULK 8&amp;quot; Figure Avengers Age of Ultron Studios 6&amp;quot; Series After: &amp;quot;Misty Rainforest Modern Masters 2017 MTG Magic Fetch Land Free Ship W\\\\ Tracking&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Marvel Legends HULK 8\\&amp;quot; Figure Avengers Age of Ultron Studios 6\\&amp;quot; Series&amp;quot; | [optional] 
**image_url** | **string** | The URL to the primary image of the item. This is the URL of the largest image available based on what the seller submitted. | [optional] 
**category** | **string** | The label of the category of the item. For example: Toys &amp;amp; Hobbies|Action Figures|Comic Book Heroes . | [optional] 
**category_id** | **string** | The ID of the category of the item. For example: The ID for Toys &amp;amp; Hobbies|Action Figures|Comic Book Heroes is 158671. | [optional] 
**buying_options** | **string** | A comma separated list of the purchase options available for the item, such as FIXED_PRICE, AUCTION. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. Note: This column can contain multiple values. | [optional] 
**seller_username** | **string** | The seller&#x27;s eBay user name. | [optional] 
**seller_feedback_percentage** | **string** | The percentage of the seller&#x27;s total positive feedback. | [optional] 
**seller_feedback_score** | **string** | The feedback score of the seller. This value is based on the ratings from eBay members that bought items from this seller. | [optional] 
**gtin** | **string** | The unique Global Trade Item Number of the item as defined by https://www.gtin.info. This can be a UPC (Universal Product Code), EAN (European Article Number), or an ISBN (International Standard Book Number) value. | [optional] 
**brand** | **string** | The name brand of the item, such as Nike, Apple, etc. | [optional] 
**mpn** | **string** | The manufacturer part number, which is a number that is used in combination with brand to identify a product. | [optional] 
**epid** | **string** | The eBay product identifier of a product from the eBay product catalog. You can use this value in the Browse API search method to retrieve items for this product and in the Marketing API methods to retrieve &#x27;also viewed&#x27; and &#x27;also bought&#x27; products to encourage up-selling and cross-selling. | [optional] 
**condition_id** | **string** | The identifier of the condition of the item. For example, 1000 is the identifier for NEW. For a list of condition names and IDs, see Item Condition IDs and Names. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. | [optional] 
**condition** | **string** | The text describing the condition of the item, such as New or Used. For a list of condition names, see Item Condition IDs and Names. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. | [optional] 
**price_value** | **string** | The price of the item. Note: This price can be a discounted price. | [optional] 
**price_currency** | **string** | The currency used for the price of the item. Generally, this is the currency used by the country of the eBay site offering the item. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/CurrencyCodeEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**primary_item_group_id** | **string** | The unique identifier for the item group that contains this item. An item group is an item that has various aspect differences, such as color, size, storage capacity, etc. | [optional] 
**primary_item_group_type** | **string** | The item group type. Supported value: SELLER_DEFINED_VARIATIONS, indicates that the item group was created by the seller. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. | [optional] 
**item_end_date** | **string** | A timestamp indicating when the item&#x27;s sale period will end based on its start date and duration. For Good &#x27;Tail Cancelled items, no value is returned in this column. Format: UTC (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ). | [optional] 
**seller_item_revision** | **string** | An identifier generated/incremented when a seller revises the item. There are two types of item revisions: Seller changes, such as changing the title eBay system changes, such as changing the quantity when an item is purchased This ID is changed only when the seller makes a change to the item. | [optional] 
**item_location_country** | **string** | The country where the item is physically located. | [optional] 
**localized_aspects** | **string** | A semicolon separated list of the name/value pairs for the aspects of the item, which are BASE64 encoded. The aspect label is separated by a pipe (|), the aspect name and value are separated by a colon (:) and the name/value pairs are separated by a semicolon (;). Example without Label &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Encoded Format: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;encodedName:encodedValue;encodedName:encodedValue;encodedName:encodedValue &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Encoded Example (The delimiters are emphasized): &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;U2l6ZQ&#x3D;&#x3D;:WEw&#x3D;;Q29sb3I&#x3D;:UmVk;U2xlZXZlcw&#x3D;&#x3D;:TG9uZw&#x3D;&#x3D; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Decoded: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Size:XL;Color:Red;Sleeves:Long Example with Label &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Encoded Format: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;encodedLabel|encodedName:encodedValue;encodedName:encodedValue;encodedLabel| &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Encoded Example (The delimiters are emphasized): &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;UHJvZHVjdCBJZGVudGlmaWVycw&#x3D;&#x3D;|R1RJTg&#x3D;&#x3D;:MDE5MDE5ODA2NjYzMw&#x3D;&#x3D;;QlJBTkQ&#x3D;:QXBwbGU&#x3D;;UHJvZHVjdCBLZXkgRmVhdHVyZXM&#x3D;|TW9kZWw&#x3D;:aVBob25lIDc&#x3D; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Decoded: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Product Identifiers|GTIN:0190198066633;BRAND:Apple;Product Key Features|Model:iPhone 7 Note: The separators ( | : ; ) are not encoded. You must decode each label, name, and value separately. You cannot decode the entire string. For more information, see Encoded Aspects in the Buying Integration Guide. | [optional] 
**seller_trust_level** | **string** | An enumeration value representing the eBay status of the seller. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/SellerTrustLevelEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**image_altering_prohibited** | **bool** | A boolean that indicates whether the images can be altered. If the value is true, you cannot modify the image. Note: Due to image licensing agreements and other legal concerns, modification (including resizing) of some images is strictly prohibited. These images are for display as-is only. | [optional] 
**estimated_available_quantity** | **int** | The estimated number of this item that are available for purchase. Because the quantity of an item can change several times within a second, it is impossible to return the exact quantity. So instead of returning quantity, the estimated availability of the item is returned. | [optional] 
**availability_threshold_type** | **string** | This column has a value only when the seller sets their Display Item Quantity preference to Display &amp;quot;More than 10 available&amp;quot; in your listing (if applicable). The value of this column will be MORE_THAN. This indicates that the seller has more than the &#x27;Display Item Quantity&#x27;, which is 10, in stock for this item. The following are the Display Item Quantity preferences the seller can set. Display &amp;quot;More than 10 available&amp;quot; in your listing (if applicable) If the seller enables this preference, this column will have a value as long as there are more than 10 of this item in inventory. If the quantity is equal to 10 or drops below 10, this column will be null and the estimated quantity of the item is returned in the estimatedAvailableQuantity column. Display the exact quantity in your items If the seller enables this preference, the availabilityThresholdType and availabilityThreshold columns will be null and the estimated quantity of the item is returned in the estimatedAvailableQuantity column. Note: Because the quantity of an item can change several times within a second, it is impossible to return the exact quantity. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to these preferences. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/AvailabilityThresholdEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**availability_threshold** | **int** | This column has a value only when the seller sets their &#x27;display item quantity&#x27; preference to Display &amp;quot;More than 10 available&amp;quot; in your listing (if applicable). The value of this column will be &amp;quot;10&amp;quot;, which is the threshold value. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this value. | [optional] 
**item_snapshot_date** | **string** | This timestamp denotes the date and time the changes for that item were picked up and added to the snapshot feed file. For example, let&#x27;s say you have a snapshot feed file and also ran the getItem method. When you compare the same item information from the two sources, you see that the price in the getItem method response is different from the price in the snapshot feed file. By knowing the date and time you submitted the getItem method, you can use the itemSnapshotDate data to determine which price is the most current for this item. | [optional] 
**original_price_value** | **string** | The original selling price of the item. This lets you surface a strikethrough price for the item. | [optional] 
**original_price_currency** | **string** | The currency of the originalPriceValue of the item and the discountAmount. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/CurrencyCodeEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**discount_amount** | **string** | The calculated amount of the discount (originalPriceValue - priceValue). For example, if originalPriceValue is 70 and priceValue is 56, this value would be 14. Note: The currency shown in originalPriceCurrency is used for both discountAmount and originalPriceCurrency. | [optional] 
**discount_percentage** | **string** | The calculated discount percentage. For example, if originalPriceValue is 70 and discountAmount is 14, this value will be 20. | [optional] 
**returns_accepted** | **bool** | Indicates whether the seller accepts returns for the item. | [optional] 
**return_period_value** | **int** | The amount of days that the buyer has to return the item after the purchase date. For example, if this value is 30, the return period is 30 days. | [optional] 
**return_period_unit** | **string** | An enumeration value that indicates the period of time being used to measure the duration, such as business days, months, or years. TimeDurationUnitEnum is a common type shared by multiple eBay APIs and fields to express the time unit, but for return period duration, this value will always be DAY. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/TimeDurationUnitEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**refund_method** | **string** | An enumeration value representing how a buyer is refunded when an item is returned. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/RefundMethodEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**return_method** | **string** | An enumeration value that indicates the alternative methods for a full refund when an item is returned. This column will have data if the seller offers the buyer an item replacement or exchange instead of a monetary refund. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/ReturnMethodEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**return_shipping_cost_payer** | **string** | An enumeration value that indicates the party responsible for the return shipping costs when an item is returned. Valid Values: BUYER or SELLER Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/ReturnShippingCostPayerEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**energy_efficiency_class** | **string** | Indicates the European energy efficiency rating (EEK) of the item. This field is returned only if the seller specified the energy efficiency rating. The rating is a set of energy efficiency classes from A to G, where &#x27;A&#x27; is the most energy efficient and &#x27;G&#x27; is the least efficient. This rating helps buyers choose between various models. To retrieve the manufacturer&#x27;s specifications for this item, when they are available, use the getItem method in the Browse API. The information is returned in the productFicheWebUrl field. | [optional] 
**additional_image_urls** | **string** | A pipe separated (|) list of URLs for the additional images of the item. These images are in addition to the primary image, which is returned in the imageUrl column. Note: This column can contain multiple values. | [optional] 
**delivery_options** | **string** | A comma separated list of delivery options for the item, such as SHIP_TO_HOME and SELLER_ARRANGED_LOCAL_PICKUP. This column lets you filter out items that cannot be shipped to the buyer. Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#x27;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/feed/types/DeliveryOptionsEnum.html&#x27;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**ship_to_included_regions** | **string** | A pipe (|) separated alphabetical list of the geographic countries and regions where the seller will ship the item. If a region is specified, you will need to subtract any countries and regions returned in the shipToExcludedRegions column to fully understand where the seller will ship. The COUNTRY: list is separated from the REGION: list with a semicolon (;). Format Example: COUNTRY:US|BM|GL|MX|PM;REGION:AFRICA|ASIA|CENTRAL_AMERICA_AND_CARIBBEAN|EUROPE|MIDDLE_EAST|OCEANIA|SOUTH_AMERICA|SOUTHEAST_ASIA; Country Values: The two-letter ISO 3166 standard code of the country. Region Values: AFRICA, AMERICAS, ANTARCTIC, ARCTIC, ASIA, AUSTRALIA, CENTRAL_AMERICA_AND_CARIBBEAN, EUROPE, EURO_UNION, GREATER_CHINA, MIDDLE_EAST, NORTH_AMERICA, OCEANIA, REST_OF_ASIA, SOUTHEAST_ASIA, SOUTH_AMERICA, WORLDWIDE Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. | [optional] 
**ship_to_excluded_regions** | **string** | A pipe (|) separated alphabetical list of the geographic countries and regions where the item cannot be shipped. These countries and regions refine (restrict) the shipToIncludedRegions list. The COUNTRY: list is separated from the REGION: list with a semicolon (;). Format Example: COUNTRY:US|BM|GL|MX|PM;REGION:AFRICA|ASIA|CENTRAL_AMERICA_AND_CARIBBEAN|EUROPE|MIDDLE_EAST|OCEANIA|SOUTH_AMERICA|SOUTHEAST_ASIA; Country Values: The two-letter ISO 3166 standard code of the country. Region Values: AFRICA, AMERICAS, ANTARCTIC, ARCTIC, ASIA, AUSTRALIA, CENTRAL_AMERICA_AND_CARIBBEAN, EUROPE, EURO_UNION, GREATER_CHINA, MIDDLE_EAST, NORTH_AMERICA, OCEANIA, REST_OF_ASIA, SOUTHEAST_ASIA, SOUTH_AMERICA, WORLDWIDE Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. | [optional] 
**accepted_payment_methods** | **string** | Indicates the credit card service that will be used to process the transaction. If this column contains PAYPAL, you can use the Buy Order API to checkout and purchase the item. If this column is empty, you must use another method for checkout. | [optional] 
**qualified_programs** | **string** | A pipe separated list of the qualified programs available for the item, such as EBAY_PLUS. eBay Plus is a premium account option for buyers, which provides benefits such as fast free domestic shipping and free returns on selected items. Top-Rated eBay sellers must opt in to eBay Plus to be able to offer the program on qualifying listings. Sellers must commit to next-day delivery of those items. Note: eBay Plus is available only to buyers in Germany, Austria, and Australia marketplaces. | [optional] 
**lot_size** | **int** | The number of items in a lot. In other words, a lot size is the number of items that are being sold together. A lot is a set of two or more items included in a single listing that must be purchased together in a single order line item. All the items in the lot are the same but there can be multiple items in a single lot, such as the package of batteries shown in the example below. Item Lot Definition Lot Size A package of 24 AA batteries A box of 10 packages 10 A P235/75-15 Goodyear tire 4 tires 4 Fashion Jewelry Rings Package of 100 assorted rings 100 Note: Lots are not supported in all categories. | [optional] 
**shipping_cost_type** | **string** | Indicates the class of the shipping cost. Valid Values: FIXED or CALCULATED Code so that your app gracefully handles any future changes to this list. | [optional] 
**shipping_cost** | **string** | The final shipping cost for all the items after all discounts are applied. | [optional] 
**additional_shipping_cost_per_unit** | **string** | Any per item additional shipping costs for a multi-item purchase. For example, let&#x27;s say the shipping cost for a power cord is $3. But for an additional cord, the shipping cost is only $1. So if you bought 3 cords, the shippingCost would be $3 and this value would be $2 ($1 for each additional item). | [optional] 
**quantity_used_for_estimate** | **int** | The number of items used when calculating the shipping estimation information. | [optional] 
**shipping_carrier_code** | **string** | The name of the shipping provider, such as FedEx, or USPS. | [optional] 
**shipping_service_code** | **string** | The type of shipping service. For example, USPS First Class. | [optional] 
**shipping_type** | **string** | The type of a shipping option, such as EXPEDITED, ONE_DAY, STANDARD, ECONOMY, PICKUP, etc. | [optional] 
**unit_price** | **string** | This is the price per unit for the item. Some European countries require listings for certain types of products to include the price per unit so buyers can accurately compare prices. For example: &amp;quot;unitPricingMeasure&amp;quot;: &amp;quot;100g&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;unitPrice&amp;quot;: { &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;quot;value&amp;quot;: &amp;quot;7.99&amp;quot;, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;quot;currency&amp;quot;: &amp;quot;GBP&amp;quot; | [optional] 
**unit_pricing_measure** | **string** | The designation, such as size, weight, volume, count, etc., that was used to specify the quantity of the item. This helps buyers compare prices. For example, the following tells the buyer that the item is 7.99 per 100 grams. &amp;quot;unitPricingMeasure&amp;quot;: &amp;quot;100g&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;unitPrice&amp;quot;: { &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;quot;value&amp;quot;: &amp;quot;7.99&amp;quot;, &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;quot;currency&amp;quot;: &amp;quot;GBP&amp;quot; | [optional] 
**inferred_epid** | **string** | The ePID (eBay Product ID of a product in the eBay product catalog) for the item, which has been programmatically determined by eBay using the item&#x27;s title, aspects, and other data. If the seller actually provided an ePID at listing time for the item, the ePID value is returned in the epid column instead. | [optional] 
**item_creation_date** | **string** | A timestamp indicating when the item was created. The format is yyyy-mm-dd. | [optional] 
**legacy_item_id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the eBay listing that contains the item. This is the traditional/legacy ID that is often seen in the URL of the listing View Item page. | [optional] 
**alerts** | **string** | A pipe-separated list of the alerts available for the item, such as DELAYED_DELIVERY. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

